Dad got me jump leads 25 but something up with the battey
Made plans with jamie for Thursday - The cross?

TODO
Call Crown Royal Insurance
99929578
Faster Boot time - who cares.
Jared Setup - 

Reading lists:

Problem based learning only ==> With Videos for Anki purposes, especially songs.

One change per day to retain the habit

...it is the 'what to do thought' when you are not on a conveyor belted track


Yes 

I will make the Books Search talk to my tweet Demo LAMP database

m/f 5/99 Country your parents are from/grew up England + Cyprus

A bot that assimilated answers to new Quora questions based on previously injested answers / a probabilistic model 

Man alive.. should I get my bike
I type to myself to think.

Are these notes for future me or simply just me...

Socrates never wrote anything down because he believed 

I'm amazed that a simple message about the dog from Miranda was enough to make me not scared when I'm pretty sure I would have been..

Dad has the cheque for yaya..?

Should I get the bike now? Then have a wash.

Then learn about Living Family Trusts

Did I waste my focus / alertness today?

I wanted to get the Fire stick running with the Guitar chords.

I spent an hour looking for a phone nobody really needed right now and in the process found a few other things that were useful and needed right now (bascially a metaphor for life!)

I feel like some problem based learning would be useful and appropiate for stretching my focusing muscles some way.

Am I on the app store - - simple a question

Mobile Dog Grooming 

Freemium Minecraft server hosting 

I'll perhaps walk and listen to the end of the work out podcast - have a 'shower', Listen to Rihanna(!), and then:

Green Line Audio - stories etc.
Caption Search - working my skill level up, EulerPy etc.

Guitar / Violin / Uke / Greek songs reading speaking Foreign Language Institute

Update personal expenses: 60 neoclyss - 15 plane - 45 duty freee - ±70 plane seats, 4 taxi, ... done. All done.



In short I want to know what I did each day from a single source of truth - where did the time go?
I want to retain learnings, happenings, and otherwise other important details i might plausibily forget
Similarly want to amplify my Data collection and Decisions taken to better inform my future Data collection and Decisions taken -- to achieve momentum, acceleration.
That is it.
Also, perhaps, I would like to maintain a zoomed out map of where (,what, and who) I want to be; since Rome wasn't built in one day.

I have made efforts to maintain daily time series data points - but I have made further efforts to not let it be a crutch.
I have made some efforts to maintaining a weekly log (and some start at less granular time frames)

However there is no 'do or die'  focus, certainly no enforced sense of urgency. 
It is that i wish to instill, but I'm unsure of the way.
The expectations of time should be eliminated however, it should simply be a demand that once a course of action has been prescribed it should be completed as fast as possible and only halted in exceptional cirucmstances.

I've forgotten about the avid Homes strategy book - Playing to Win.
There is a frame work.
And I installed it in my mind:


- Problem / opportunity = define it
- Search for MECE possibilities
- What would need to be true?
- Measure REsults

Writing plans isn't doing

















