The process of learning to code is the process of developing a set of super powers.

I think I will like Python, TypeScript, PHP, Selenium, HTML5. 

Other than Tax which is always the case,
and other than random projects to advance my skill level.

My plan is to Lease out Solar panels.
Also create a Mecca for VR science learning experiments.
And a network of Security cameras installing in Cars.

I'm the same age that Jeff Bezos was when he started Amazon,
though I still have yet to find a fluid way of working.

I need to develop a process - it involves time-tracking.
Alot of retrospective writing and notetaking to jog my memory.
Alot of fine-tuned practise through the use of real projects.

There is a thing I have about staying on track and picking up from where I left off.
I think it is probably a natural and common problem, but I want to break-thru it.

Persistant daily reading in order to achieve a specific goal.
Things to keep a keen eye on.
Decluttering my inbox once and for all.

***
20 years of Product Management in 25yrs

Understand customer's problems, but not the solutions e.g. Vacancy Filler = 
Watch the competition = when they ship a new feature to see how customers react
	YouTube reviews, Amazon Reviews = Sentiment analyse = Watch accounts 
	Find out how customers are using the product in innovative ways
Be a thief 
Get paid
Don't be afraid to take risks that might not pay off
Sweat the small stuff
Consider the cost of inaction and delay (as well as Story Points etc, features have a shelf life)
A product manager that thinks he knows his customers is a male gynacologist
Not incumbered by knowledge or inertia - Be dumb - Fresh eyes

***
DistroKid - 

































