Back at it
trying to reduce the travel distance of my fingers on the keyboard
decideing between the bluetooth 3.0 key board and the original apple one.
I am a much faster typist with the 3.0 one btu more error prone
It has a correctly working up key however - which is a plus point 
Heck I can easily keep both of them connected. 
If I want the 3.0 keyboard to have a chance at re connecting with the iPad (should I need that functionality) 
then I will need to DELETE it as a known device of the iMac.
Maybe i work sell the iMac after all.

The nicest feature is the ability to have a 21.5/27 inch screen mounted at near enough the correct height - just above eye level.
The shelf is serving as a very good replacement for the missing screws needed to hold the back of the chair in place - in fact -  it is more comfortable this way since the chair is pressed up against the shelf in a differnt, more comfortable way. In Addition, the use of a cushion (originally from a random car boot after visiting Akshay in Bristol/Cardiff the day after Callan's Bday in 2017) - the use of this cushion is providing adequate support for my body whilst sitting on the Ikea chair I used to loathe / never found comfortable. I will still need to take frequent movement breaks. I have 30 mins or so to attempt to jump start my car again. Would like a catch up with Ellie, Akshay, Jammy Dodger, Mila, Jonny (when he is up north), I may like to try relocating my office to above the fish shop. I would do that exclusively on the Novatech laptop with a connected Shadow account via the Huawei / Three internet.

Could I resonably configure the equivalent of a Shadow Cloud Windows Desktop myself? Probably, but of course it would not have out-ofthe-box solutions and fallbacks for peripheral devices etc. - someone was asking me about Cloud gaming and if that was the same as what I was talking about, probably Dad?

OKAY stream of consciousness 

I can sense some kind of difference - my attention to spelling is more accute and attempts to self-correct it are morte motivated (rather than immediately searching out of laziness)

It occured to me that when learning a foreign language a quick spelling check to verify acccuracy would/should become customary. I think alot about courtesy to foreign language learners by not throwing them off with a single letter mistype that might dislodge their interpretation of the whole word. But this is something akin to giving pedestrians excessively ample time to cross the road (like 800 metres say) - just as youb might do when you first starting to learn to drive. At least this is what I remember doing. All of 11-12 years ago now. Well more like 12-13 actually. 

I'm glad that I got a different, more patient instructor, who would call me 'the eccentric millionaire'. I don't _hope_ that his proficy will be proved true. 

Now to engineer an up buttons