My biggest challenge right now is picking a horse to ride, to go deep on a topic, and also document the process for handy recall and revision.
I'm tempted to undertake the entire... I just setup OBS correctly for me to read textbooks and sketch answers / calculations on iPad with apple pencil.
Next I want to live the immersive experiences in virtual reality.
I also learnt how to inspect elements in order to grab for example images nexted within a <div> next I could set up Selenium or Beautiful Soup on a Colab notebook to check for new images and grabs them.
Time chunking
Resolving to master an endeavour because I want to.
Cranking out something in step with an audience (or customers) to enjoy it.
Not telling anyone about my reservations in an unwavering way - simplying becoming resolute and certain about my course of action.

Step 1. Own the distribution network = Neighbourhood watch, Contract Swapping, Local tutors.... Addback Screens. It still seems a little bit fuzzy until I go away and actually do it.
Step 2. Sue 3 - because I have nothing better to do.
Step 3. REVOLVE my credit as usual.
Step 4. Call insurance firm over skype - and ask about canceling uk bank cards
My speciality is attention to details when the task commands it (when I'm feeling obsessive) 
My other speciality is ultimate big picture thinking broad strokes - 
Game Hosting?

In birmingham - product 

It all feels like a cop out, a sale, a wash. But I long to be challenged and wish to be grooved in on to a track.
I want to travel but not lose my head - that feeling of displacement and 'going along for the ride' - it takes me time to get settled once again in a new environment.
How to be.

Something in the way. It always feels.

***


